---
layout: narrow
title: Terms of Service
---

### Terms of Service

##### Please read these Terms of Service (the “Agreement”) carefully.  Your use of the Site (as defined below) constitutes your consent to this Agreement.

This Agreement is between you and Civic Industries, LLC (“Company” or “we”) concerning your use of (including any access to) the website currently located at http://civicinsight.com/ (together with any materials and services available therein, and successor site(s) thereto, the “Site”).  This Agreement hereby incorporates by this reference any additional terms and conditions posted by Company through the Site, or otherwise made available to you by Company.  Your use of the Site is governed by this Agreement regardless of how you access the Site, including through the Internet, through Wireless Access Protocol (commonly referred to as “WAP”), through a mobile network or otherwise.

##### BY USING THE SITE, YOU AFFIRM THAT YOU ARE OF LEGAL AGE TO ENTER INTO THIS AGREEMENT. 

1 . *Changes*.  We may change this Agreement by notifying you of such changes by any reasonable means, including by posting a revised Agreement through the Site.  Any such changes will not apply to any dispute between you and us arising prior to the date on which we posted the revised Agreement incorporating such changes, or otherwise notified you of such changes.

Your use of the Site following any changes to this Agreement will constitute your acceptance of such changes.  The “LAST UPDATED” legend above indicates when this Agreement was last changed.  We may, at any time and without liability, modify or discontinue all or part of the Site (including access to the Site via any third-party links); charge, modify or waive any fees required to use the Site; or offer opportunities to some or all Site users.

2 .	*Information Submitted Through the Site*.  Your submission of information through the Site is governed by Company’s Privacy Policy, currently located at http://civicinsight.com/privacy.html (the “Privacy Policy”).  You represent and warrant that any information you provide in connection with the Site is and will remain accurate and complete, and that you will maintain and update such information as needed.

3 .	*Jurisdictional Issues*.  The Site is controlled or operated (or both) from the United States, and is not intended to subject Company to any non-U.S. jurisdiction or law.  The Site may not be appropriate or available for use in some non-U.S. jurisdictions.  Any use of the Site is at your own risk, and you must comply with all applicable laws, rules and regulations in doing so.  We may limit the Site's availability at any time, in whole or in part, to any person, geographic area or jurisdiction that we choose.

4 .	*Rules of Conduct*.  In connection with the Site, you must not:

* Post, transmit or otherwise make available through or in connection with the Site any materials that are or may be: (a) threatening, harassing, degrading, hateful or intimidating, or otherwise fail to respect the rights and dignity of others; (b) defamatory, libelous, fraudulent or otherwise tortious; (c) obscene, indecent, pornographic or otherwise objectionable; or (d) protected by copyright, trademark, trade secret, right of publicity or privacy or any other proprietary right, without the express prior written consent of the applicable owner.
* Post, transmit or otherwise make available through or in connection with the Site any virus, worm, Trojan horse, Easter egg, time bomb, spyware or other computer code, file or program that is or is potentially harmful or invasive or intended to damage or hijack the operation of, or to monitor the use of, any hardware, software or equipment.
* Use the Site for any purpose that is fraudulent or otherwise tortious or unlawful.
* Harvest or collect information about users of the Site.
* Interfere with or disrupt the operation of the Site or the servers or networks used to make the Site available, including by hacking or defacing any portion of the Site; or violate any requirement, procedure or policy of such servers or networks.
* Restrict or inhibit any other person from using the Site.
* Reproduce, modify, adapt, translate, create derivative works of, sell, rent, lease, loan, timeshare, distribute or otherwise exploit any portion of (or any use of) the Site except as expressly authorized herein, without Company’s express prior written consent.
* Reverse engineer, decompile or disassemble any portion of the Site, except where such restriction is expressly prohibited by applicable law.
* Remove any copyright, trademark or other proprietary rights notice from the Site.
* Frame or mirror any portion of the Site, or otherwise incorporate any portion of the Site into any product or service, without Company’s express prior written consent.
* Systematically download and store Site content.
* Use any robot, spider, site search/retrieval application or other manual or automatic device to retrieve, index, “scrape,” “data mine” or otherwise gather Site content, or reproduce or circumvent the navigational structure or presentation of the Site, without Company’s express prior written consent.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, and subject to compliance with any instructions posted in the robots.txt file located in the Site’s root directory, Company grants to the operators of public search engines permission to use spiders to copy materials from the Site for the sole purpose of (and solely to the extent necessary for) creating publicly available, searchable indices of such materials, but not caches or archives of such materials.  Company reserves the right to revoke such permission either generally or in specific cases, at any time and without notice.  

You are responsible for obtaining, maintaining and paying for all hardware and all telecommunications and other services needed to use the Site.

5 .	*Registration; User Names and Passwords*.  You may need to register to use all or part of the Site.  We may reject, or require that you change, any user name, password or other information that you provide to us in registering.  Your user name and password are for your personal use only and should be kept confidential; you, and not Company, are responsible for any use or misuse of your user name or password, and you must promptly notify us of any confidentiality breach or unauthorized use of your user name or password, or your Site account.

6 .	*Submissions*.  Site visitors may make available certain materials (each, a “Submission”) through or in connection with the Site, including on profile pages, or through postings, forums, message boards or other commenting functionality or features.  Company has no control over and is not responsible for any use or misuse (including any distribution) by any third party of Submissions.  IF YOU CHOOSE TO MAKE ANY OF YOUR PERSONALLY IDENTIFIABLE OR OTHER INFORMATION PUBLICLY AVAILABLE THROUGH THE SITE, YOU DO SO AT YOUR OWN RISK.

7 .	*License*.  For purposes of clarity, you retain ownership of your Submissions.  For each Submission, you hereby grant to us a worldwide, royalty-free, fully paid-up, non-exclusive, perpetual, irrevocable, transferable and fully sublicensable (through multiple tiers) license, without additional consideration to you or any third party, to reproduce, distribute, perform and display (publicly or otherwise), create derivative works of, adapt, modify and otherwise use and exploit such Submission, in any format or media now known or hereafter developed, and for any purpose (including promotional purposes, such as testimonials).
  In addition, if you provide to us any ideas, proposals, suggestions or other materials (“*Feedback*”), whether related to the Site or otherwise, such Feedback will be deemed a Submission, and you hereby acknowledge and agree that such Feedback is not confidential, and that your provision of such Feedback is gratuitous, unsolicited and without restriction, and does not place Company under any fiduciary or other obligation.

You represent and warrant that you have all rights necessary to grant the licenses granted in this section, and that your Submissions, and your provision thereof through and in connection with the Site, are complete and accurate, and are not fraudulent, tortious or otherwise in violation of any applicable law or any right of any third party.  You further irrevocably waive any “moral rights” or other rights with respect to attribution of authorship or integrity of materials regarding each Submission that you may have under any applicable law under any legal theory.

8 .	*Monitoring*.  We may (but have no obligation to) monitor, evaluate, alter or remove Submissions before or after they appear on the Site.  We may disclose any Submissions and the circumstances surrounding their transmission to anyone for any reason or purpose.

9 .	*Company's Proprietary Rights*.  We and our suppliers own the Site, which is protected by proprietary rights and laws.  Subject to your compliance with this Agreement, and solely for so long as you are permitted by Company to use the Site, you may use any portion of the Site to which we provide you access hereunder solely for your personal use.

10 .	*Company’s Trademarks*.  Our trade names, trademarks and service marks include Civic Industries and Civic Insight and any associated logos.  All trade names, trademarks, service marks and logos on the Site not owned by us are the property of their respective owners.  You may not use our trade names, trademarks, service marks or logos in connection with any product or service that is not ours, or in any manner that is likely to cause confusion.  Nothing contained on the Site should be construed as granting any right to use any trade names, trademarks, service marks or logos without the express prior written consent of the owner.

11 .	*Third Party Materials; Links*.  Certain Site functionality may make available access to materials made available by third parties, including Submissions (“Third Party Materials”), or allow for the routing or transmission of such Third Party Materials, including via links.  By using such functionality, you are directing us to access, route and transmit to you the applicable Third Party Materials. 
  We neither control nor endorse, nor are we responsible for, any Third Party Materials, including the accuracy, integrity, quality, legality, usefulness or safety of Third Party Materials, or any intellectual property rights therein.  Certain Third Party Materials may, among other things, be inaccurate, misleading or deceptive.  Nothing in this Agreement shall be deemed to be a representation or warranty by Company with respect to any Third Party Materials.  We have no obligation to monitor Third Party Materials, and we may block or disable access to any Third Party Materials (in whole or part) through the Site at any time.  In addition, the availability of any Third Party Materials through the Site does not imply our endorsement of, or our affiliation with, any provider of such Third Party Materials, nor does such availability create any legal relationship between you and any such provider.

YOUR USE OF THIRD PARTY MATERIALS IS AT YOUR OWN RISK AND IS SUBJECT TO ANY ADDITIONAL TERMS, CONDITIONS AND POLICIES APPLICABLE TO SUCH THIRD PARTY MATERIALS (SUCH AS TERMS OF SERVICE OR PRIVACY POLICIES OF THE PROVIDERS OF SUCH THIRD PARTY MATERIALS).


12 .  *DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTIES*.  THE SITE AND ANY PRODUCTS AND THIRD PARTY MATERIALS ARE MADE AVAILABLE TO YOU “AS IS” WITHOUT ANY WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, WHETHER EXPRESS, IMPLIED OR STATUTORY.  COMPANY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES WITH RESPECT TO THE SITE AND ANY PRODUCTS AND THIRD PARTY MATERIALS TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMISSIBLE UNDER APPLICABLE LAW, INCLUDING THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, NON-INFRINGEMENT AND TITLE.  ALL DISCLAIMERS OF ANY KIND (INCLUDING IN THIS SECTION AND ELSEWHERE IN THIS AGREEMENT) ARE MADE ON BEHALF OF BOTH COMPANY AND ITS AFFILIATES AND THEIR RESPECTIVE SHAREHOLDERS, DIRECTORS, OFFICERS, EMPLOYEES, AFFILIATES, AGENTS, REPRESENTATIVES, LICENSORS, SUPPLIERS AND SERVICE PROVIDERS (COLLECTIVELY, THE “AFFILIATED ENTITIES”).

While we try to maintain the timeliness, integrity and security of the Site, we do not guarantee that the Site is or will remain updated, complete, correct or secure, or that access to the Site will be uninterrupted.  The Site may include inaccuracies, errors and materials that violate or conflict with this Agreement.  Additionally, third parties may make unauthorized alterations to the Site.  If you become aware of any such alteration, contact us at legal@civicinsight.com with a description of such alteration and its location on the Site.

13 .	*LIMITATION OF LIABILITY*.  COMPANY WILL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES OF ANY KIND, UNDER ANY CONTRACT, TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE), STRICT LIABILITY OR OTHER THEORY, INCLUDING DAMAGES FOR LOSS OF PROFITS, USE OR DATA, LOSS OF OTHER INTANGIBLES, LOSS OF SECURITY OF SUBMISSIONS (INCLUDING UNAUTHORIZED INTERCEPTION BY THIRD PARTIES OF ANY SUBMISSIONS), EVEN IF ADVISED IN ADVANCE OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES OR LOSSES.  WITHOUT LIMITING THE FOREGOING, COMPANY WILL NOT BE LIABLE FOR DAMAGES OF ANY KIND RESULTING FROM YOUR USE OF OR INABILITY TO USE THE SITE OR FROM ANY PRODUCTS OR THIRD PARTY MATERIALS.  YOUR SOLE AND EXCLUSIVE REMEDY FOR DISSATISFACTION WITH THE SITE OR ANY PRODUCTS OR THIRD PARTY MATERIALS IS TO STOP USING THE SITE.  THE MAXIMUM AGGREGATE LIABILITY OF COMPANY FOR ALL DAMAGES, LOSSES AND CAUSES OF ACTION, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE) OR OTHERWISE, SHALL NOT EXCEED FIVE HUNDRED U.S. DOLLARS (US $500).  ALL LIMITATIONS OF LIABILITY OF ANY KIND (INCLUDING IN THIS SECTION AND ELSEWHERE IN THIS AGREEMENT) ARE MADE ON BEHALF OF BOTH COMPANY AND THE AFFILIATED ENTITIES.
  Applicable law may not allow for limitations on certain implied warranties, or exclusions or limitations of certain damages; solely to the extent that such law applies to you, some or all of the above disclaimers, exclusions or limitations may not apply to you, and you may have certain additional rights.


14 .	*Indemnity*.  Except to the extent prohibited under applicable law, you agree to defend, indemnify and hold harmless Company and the Affiliated Entities from and against all claims, losses, costs and expenses (including attorneys’ fees) arising out of (a) your use of, or activities in connection with, the Site (including all Submissions); and (b) any violation or alleged violation of this Agreement by you.

15 .	*Termination*.  This Agreement is effective until terminated.  Company may terminate or suspend your use of the Site at any time and without prior notice, including if Company believes that you have violated or acted inconsistently with the letter or spirit of this Agreement.  Upon any such termination or suspension, your right to use the Site will immediately cease, and Company may, without liability to you or any third party, immediately deactivate or delete your user name, password and account, and all associated materials, without any obligation to provide any further access to such materials.  Sections 2-8, 10-19 shall survive any expiration or termination of this Agreement.

16 .	*Governing Law; Jurisdiction*.  This Agreement is governed by and shall be construed in accordance with the laws of the State of California, U.S.A., without regard to its principles of conflicts of law, and regardless of your location.  You agree to exclusive jurisdiction of the federal and state courts located in San Francisco, California, U.S.A., and waive any jurisdictional, venue or inconvenient forum objections to such courts.

17 .	*Information or Complaints*.  If you have a question or complaint regarding the Site, please send an e-mail to legal@civicinsight.com.  You may also contact us by writing to *Civic Industries, LLC 155 9th Street San Francisco, CA 94102 Attn: Legal Team*.  Please note that e-mail communications will not necessarily be secure; accordingly you should not include credit card information or other sensitive information in your e-mail correspondence with us.  California residents may reach the Complaint Assistance Unit of the Division of Consumer Services of the California Department of Consumer Affairs by mail at 1625 North Market Blvd., Sacramento, CA 95834, or by telephone at (916) 445-1254 or (800) 952-5210.  


18 .	*Copyright Infringement Claims*.  The Digital Millennium Copyright Act of 1998 (the “DMCA”) provides recourse for copyright owners who believe that material appearing on the Internet infringes their rights under U.S. copyright law.  If you believe in good faith that materials available on the Site infringe your copyright, you (or your agent) may send to Company a written notice by mail, e-mail or fax, requesting that Company remove such material or block access to it.  If you believe in good faith that someone has wrongly filed a notice of copyright infringement against you, the DMCA permits you to send to Company a counter-notice.  Notices and counter-notices must meet the then-current statutory requirements imposed by the DMCA.  See http://www.copyright.gov/ for details.  Notices and counter-notices should be sent to legal@civicinsight.com.
  We suggest that you consult your legal advisor before filing a DMCA notice or counter-notice.  

19 .	*Miscellaneous*.  This Agreement does not, and shall not be construed to, create any partnership, joint venture, employer-employee, agency or franchisor-franchisee relationship between you and Company.  If any provision of this Agreement is found to be unlawful, void or for any reason unenforceable, that provision will be deemed severable from this Agreement and will not affect the validity and enforceability of any remaining provision.  You may not assign, transfer or sublicense any or all of your rights or obligations under this Agreement without our express prior written consent.  We may assign, transfer or sublicense any or all of our rights or obligations under this Agreement without restriction.  No waiver by either party of any breach or default hereunder will be deemed to be a waiver of any preceding or subsequent breach or default.  Any heading, caption or section title contained herein is for convenience only, and in no way defines or explains any section or provision.  All terms defined in the singular shall have the same meanings when used in the plural, where appropriate and unless otherwise specified.  Any use of the term “including” or variations thereof in this Agreement shall be construed as if followed by the phrase “without limitation.”  This Agreement, including any terms and conditions incorporated herein, is the entire agreement between you and Company relating to the subject matter hereof, and supersedes any and all prior or contemporaneous written or oral agreements or understandings between you and Company relating to such subject matter.  Notices to you (including notices of changes to this Agreement) may be made via posting to the Site or by e-mail (including in each case via links), or by regular mail.  Without limitation, a printed version of this Agreement and of any notice given in electronic form shall be admissible in judicial or administrative proceedings based upon or relating to this Agreement to the same extent and subject to the same conditions as other business documents and records originally generated and maintained in printed form.  Company will not be responsible for any failure to fulfill any obligation due to any cause beyond its control.

Site © 2014 Civic Industries, LLC unless otherwise noted.  All rights reserved.

LAST UPDATED:  Dec 9, 2013